<h1 align='center'>
            ✓ Validation 
</h1>

## Table of Content
1. Assumptions
2. Simulation 
2. Validation

### Assumptions
- There are following assumptions:
    - The starting condition rating for a bridge starts with `9`
    - For cohort life tables, the bridges were built in `1992` and decommissioned in `2020`
    - When the maintenance event occurs on a bridge  and that event is recorded, the bridge is permanently removed form the study.


### Simulation of bridge life cycle
- The purpose of simulation to replicate the bridge life-cycle in order to validate the implemented functions.
- The simulation is designed to work with computation pipeline of cohort actuarial life table.
- The bridges are simulated by the year of inspections. For instance, for each bridge, we simulate the age, condition rating for each year, based on the provided `start year` and `end year`.
- Moreover, the simulation can be configured to compute `periodic life table` or `cohort life table`, which can be selected by configuring `starting age` and `ending age`.
- The condition ratings are generated by accounting for `age` using a `uniform distribution` across the observed range of the condition rating. However, the starting condition ratings for a new bridge is always assigned as `9` denoting that the bridge started off as bridge in a new conditio denoting that the bridge started off as bridge in a new condition.
- There are key variables to consider in order to simulate bridge life-cycle:
    - **Population:** Total number of bridge life-cycle that should be simulated.   
    - **Start year:** Starting year of simulation.
    - **End year:** Ending year of simulation.
    - **Start age:** Starting age of the bridge at the start of the simulation
    - **End age:** Ending age of the bridge at the end of the simulation
